gh-102494: fix MemoryError and data race in devpoll based selector on Solaris (#102495)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-05-19-12-22-45.gh-issue-102494.Gae1Nl.rst

> Fixed excessive memory allocation and data race issues in Solaris specific ``DevPollSelector``. Patch by Jakub Kulik.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`select`: Fixed excessive memory allocation and data race issues in Solaris specific :func:`select.devpoll`. Patch by Jakub Kulik.
```
